# packages in environment at /Users/mattthompson/miniconda3/envs/interchange-regression-testing:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
anyio                     3.6.1            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py39h63b48b0_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.4.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.10.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
black                     22.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.1               h97e831e_3    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h63b48b0_1004    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.6.15        py39h2804cbe_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0           py39he338e87_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
commonmark                0.9.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cryptography              37.0.1           py39hf6deb26_0
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dataclasses               0.8                pyhc8e2a94_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.0            py39hfd1d529_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
deepdiff                  5.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf082fe4_102    conda-forge
flit-core                 3.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.33.3           py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py39h6e9494a_5    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                hbcb3906_2    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.1          nompi_h0aa1fa2_104    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
interchange-regression-utilities 0.0.0                     dev_0    <develop>
ipykernel                 6.13.1           py39h71a6800_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.4.0            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.18.1           py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h5eb16cf_1    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.5              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.10.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            1.17.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab-widgets        1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab_pygments       0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
khronos-opencl-icd-loader 2022.01.04           h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.2            py39h7248d28_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               hb98e516_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  he49afe7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h23f1065_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.4               hc203e6f_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hca56917_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.20          openmp_hb3cd9ec_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h7cec526_2    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               hd3787cc_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                hfca7e8f_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h28dabe5_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h0d85af4_1004    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h6c3fc93_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.4               ha654fa7_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2            py39h64a0072_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdtraj                    1.9.7            py39h996af62_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py39h89e85a6_1005    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mypy-extensions           0.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
nb-black                  1.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclassic                 0.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          6.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h96cf925_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.12             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.0            py39hbd61c47_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.1           py39hda39a74_0    conda-forge
ocl_icd_wrapper_apple     1.0.0                hbcb3906_0    conda-forge
openeye-toolkits          2022.1.1                 py39_0    openeye
openff-amber-ff-ports     0.0.3              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
openff-forcefields        2.0.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
openff-toolkit-base       0.10.6             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
openff-units              0.1.7              pyh6c4a22f_1    conda-forge
openff-utilities          0.1.5              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openmm                    7.7.0           py39h8d72adf_0_khronos    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.5                h7aea29f_1    conda-forge
ordered-set               4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.2            py39hf72b562_2    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.18                 h694c41f_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.1.1            py39h579eac4_1    conda-forge
pint                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              2.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.0.0            py39h6e9494a_3    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.29             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1            py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py                        1.11.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  1.9.2            py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.18.1           py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h6e9494a_5    conda-forge
pytables                  3.7.0            py39hfd850c7_0    conda-forge
pytest                    7.1.2            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
python                    3.9.13          hf8d34f4_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-constraint         1.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.15.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py39h63b48b0_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.1.0           py39hd639792_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h05e3726_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      12.5.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.8.1            py39hfa1a3ab_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                62.3.2           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
smirnoff99frosst          1.1.0              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.9                h6e38e02_1    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.2.0            py39h6e9494a_3    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.38.5               hd9f0692_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.15.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h5dbffcc_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h63b48b0_3    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.2.2.post1        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.2.0                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.2.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.9             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xmltodict                 0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h6c3fc93_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                ha9df2e0_1    conda-forge
